Add jq_raw function to simplexpr (#952)
elkowar/eww: docs/src/expression_language.md

	- `arraylength(value)`: Gets the length of the array
	- `objectlength(value)`: Gets the amount of entries in the object

> 	- `jq(value, jq_filter_string)`: run a [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) style command on a json value. (Uses [jaq](https://crates.io/crates/jaq) internally).
>     - `jq_raw(value, jq_filter_string)`: as above, but top-level strings will not be quoted, as with `jq --raw-output`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- `jq(value, jq_filter_string)`: run a [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/manual/) style command on a json value. (Uses [jaq](https://crates.io/crates/jaq) internally).
    - `jqraw(value, jq_filter_string)`: acts as if `jq` was invoked with the `--raw-output` flag, removing quotation marks if the resulting value is a JSON string. See the [jq docs](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/manual/) for more information.
```
point to the documentation here to make things easier for us
